README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
 TOYA Decoder
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://hacs.xyz/">
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Custom-orange?style=flat-square&logo=homeassistant&logoColor=white"
      alt="HACS Custom"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.home-assistant.io/">
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Home%20Assistant-2024.6.0-41bdf5?style=flat-square&logo=homeassistant&logoColor=white"
      alt="Home Assistant"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/wielorzeczownik/ha-toya-decoder/releases/latest">
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/wielorzeczownik/ha-toya-decoder?style=flat-square"
      alt="Latest Release"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/wielorzeczownik/ha-toya-decoder/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-2ea043?style=flat-square"
      alt="License: MIT"
    />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img
    src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wielorzeczownik/ha-toya-decoder/main/assets/toya-decoder.png"
    alt="TOYA Decoder"
    width="260"
  >
</p>

Home Assistant custom integration for legacy TOYA decoders (non-Android TV).
It uses an unofficial API based on decompilation of an older [Toya GO](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.toya.toyago&hl=pl) app.

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/hacs_repository/?owner=wielorzeczownik&repository=ha-toya-decoder&category=integration">
    <img
      src="https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/hacs_repository.svg"
      alt="Open HACS Repository"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/config_flow_start/?domain=toya_decoder">
    <img
      src="https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/config_flow_start.svg"
      alt="Add Integration"
    />
  </a>
</p>

## What it provides

- A `media_player` entity per decoder.
- Standard media player controls in the HA UI: power toggle, volume up/down,
  mute, play/pause, stop, and channel up/down.
- Media browser with a channel list and `media_player.play_media` support
  (by channel number or label).

## Supported devices

This integration only supports decoders that return a non-empty `smartcard`
value from the API. Android TV (ATV) devices return an empty string and are
not supported, so they will not work with this integration.

## Installation (HACS)

1. HACS -> Integrations -> Add custom repository -> URL of this repo, category "Integration".
2. HACS -> Integrations -> Search for "TOYA Decoder" and install it.
3. Restart Home Assistant.
4. Settings -> Devices & Services -> Add Integration -> "TOYA Decoder".

## Known limitations and issues

- The API does not expose a direct "set channel" endpoint. Channel changes are
  implemented by emulating remote key presses (digits and navigation), so the
  behavior depends on the on-screen UI state. In some screens the channel change
  must be confirmed with the Play button (which behaves like OK in that frame).
- Active standby is reported as ON by the API even when the device looks off.
- Passive standby is reported as OFF and the device cannot be powered on via API.
- Channel mapping issues reported by the API:
  - TVN HD is reported as channel 5 even though it is actually on 4.
  - Toya HD and Toya VOD are both reported as channel 6.

## Disclaimer

This project is community-made, unofficial, and may break if the backend API
changes.

Commit message:

docs(readme): add note about 2FA support

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
 TOYA Decoder
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://hacs.xyz/">
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Custom-orange?style=flat-square&logo=homeassistant&logoColor=white"
      alt="HACS Custom"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.home-assistant.io/">
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Home%20Assistant-2024.6.0-41bdf5?style=flat-square&logo=homeassistant&logoColor=white"
      alt="Home Assistant"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/wielorzeczownik/ha-toya-decoder/releases/latest">
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/wielorzeczownik/ha-toya-decoder?style=flat-square"
      alt="Latest Release"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/wielorzeczownik/ha-toya-decoder/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-2ea043?style=flat-square"
      alt="License: MIT"
    />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img
    src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wielorzeczownik/ha-toya-decoder/main/assets/toya-decoder.png"
    alt="TOYA Decoder"
    width="260"
  >
</p>

Home Assistant custom integration for legacy TOYA decoders (non-Android TV).
It uses an unofficial API based on decompilation of an older [Toya GO](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.toya.toyago&hl=pl) app.

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/hacs_repository/?owner=wielorzeczownik&repository=ha-toya-decoder&category=integration">
    <img
      src="https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/hacs_repository.svg"
      alt="Open HACS Repository"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/config_flow_start/?domain=toya_decoder">
    <img
      src="https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/config_flow_start.svg"
      alt="Add Integration"
    />
  </a>
</p>

## What it provides

- A `media_player` entity per decoder.
- Standard media player controls in the HA UI: power toggle, volume up/down,
  mute, play/pause, stop, and channel up/down.
- Media browser with a channel list and `media_player.play_media` support
  (by channel number or label).

## Supported devices

This integration only supports decoders that return a non-empty `smartcard` value from the API. Android TV (ATV) devices return an empty string and are not supported, so they will not work with this integration.

> Note: Toya recently introduced 2FA for its customer portal. The app that this integration is based on does not require 2FA yet, so enabling 2FA on your account does not affect this integration.

## Installation (HACS)

1. HACS -> Integrations -> Add custom repository -> URL of this repo, category "Integration".
2. HACS -> Integrations -> Search for "TOYA Decoder" and install it.
3. Restart Home Assistant.
4. Settings -> Devices & Services -> Add Integration -> "TOYA Decoder".

## Known limitations and issues

- The API does not expose a direct "set channel" endpoint. Channel changes are
  implemented by emulating remote key presses (digits and navigation), so the
  behavior depends on the on-screen UI state. In some screens the channel change
  must be confirmed with the Play button (which behaves like OK in that frame).
- Active standby is reported as ON by the API even when the device looks off.
- Passive standby is reported as OFF and the device cannot be powered on via API.
- Channel mapping issues reported by the API:
  - TVN HD is reported as channel 5 even though it is actually on 4.
  - Toya HD and Toya VOD are both reported as channel 6.

## Disclaimer

This project is community-made, unofficial, and may break if the backend API
changes.
